Update GraphQL BBE descriptions to make consistent (#3835)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution: examples/graphql-documentation/graphql_documentation.md

# GraphQL service - Documentation

> The Ballerina GraphQL module allows add documentation to the `graphql:Service` and its subsequent types. To add documentation, use the Ballerina doc comments for the `graphql:Service`, `resource`/`remote` methods, types, and `enum`s. Add the documentation to include the descriptions to the generated GraphQL schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ballerina GraphQL module allows adding documentation to the `graphql:Service` and its subsequent types. To add documentation, use the Ballerina doc comments for the `graphql:Service`, `resource`/`remote` methods, types, and `enums`. Add the documentation to include the descriptions to the generated GraphQL schema.
```

Author: `enum`s should be the correct way right? `enum` is the keyword, not `enums`.
